Strip down angular example app (#941)
SAP/luigi: core/examples/luigi-example-angular/README.md

> # Sample Luigi application written in Angular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Luigi example application written in Angular
```

## Overview

> This is the Angular-based sample application which runs with Luigi framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an Angular-based example application which runs with the Luigi framework.
```
